> **Note:** this file has been autogenerated. Do not edit manually.

# `adjusted_charges`

```
usage: adjusted_charges [-h] [--respin_location DIRECTORY]
                        [--limits LOWER UPPER] [--sampling SAMPLING]
                        [--scale_all] [--save_resp_to SAVE_RESP_TO]
                        [-o OUTPUT]
                        INPUT_CHARGE_TYPE INPUT_CHARGE_FILE ESP_FILE_NAME

Calculate adjusted rational charges for the given ESP fitting points. Note
that the input charges should be averaged beforehand and charges passed as a
'list' type. Nevertheless, this script also works if raw charges are requested
to be extracted from Gaussian or AIMAll output files.

positional arguments:
  INPUT_CHARGE_TYPE     type of input charges. To extract charges from a text
                        file, use the 'list' option. Other available options
                        are: 'mulliken', 'nbo', 'aim', 'mk', 'chelp', 'chelpg'
                        and 'hly'.
  INPUT_CHARGE_FILE     input file to extract charges from. This can be a
                        Gaussian .log, AIMAll .sumviz or a text file. The
                        appropriate format for the text file is used
                        throughout this suite of scripts and is very simple:
                        1. Values should be space-separated 2. Atom order
                        should follow that in the template cube file 3. Line
                        breaks are not significant
  ESP_FILE_NAME         The name of the 'esp' file with ESP fitting points.
                        This file must be in the same directory as the
                        'respin' files. The file can be generated by running a
                        Gaussian Pop calculation (for a selected ESP-based
                        method) with IOp(6/50)=1.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --respin_location DIRECTORY
                        The directory with the location of the *two* respin
                        files. Their names are expected to end with '.respin1'
                        and '.respin2'. They can be generated using the
                        'respgen' program (see 'instructions.md'). (default:
                        .)
  --limits LOWER UPPER  The interval for ratios to be considered (default: (0,
                        1.5))
  --sampling SAMPLING   The number of points sampled in the interval (default:
                        16)
  --scale_all           Scale charges on all atoms. Note that when used with
                        non-neutral molecules this leads to net charge
                        scaling, which massively deteriorates fit quality. For
                        neutral molecules this approach has not been tested
                        thoroughly and presumably leads to a significantly
                        larger fit deterioration than the default adjusted
                        rational charges. (default: False)
  --save_resp_to SAVE_RESP_TO
                        save the files of the RESP calculation to the given
                        directory. Note that RESP calculations are not
                        performed if all charges are to be scaled. (default:
                        None)
  -o OUTPUT, --output OUTPUT
                        output file name (default:
                        adjusted_rational_charges.txt)

```

# `average`

```
usage: average [-h] [--respin_location DIRECTORY] [--esp_file ESP_FILE]
               [--thresh THRESH] [--save_resp_to SAVE_RESP_TO]
               [--dump_raw DUMP_RAW] [-o OUTPUT]
               INPUT_CHARGE_TYPE INPUT_CHARGE_FILE

Average charges according to atom equivalence information from 'respin' files.
Note that ESP-based charges should be equivalenced instead! This can be
achieved by passing the fitting points to the --esp_file option. Equivalencing
is then performed by running an unconstrained RESP calculation.

positional arguments:
  INPUT_CHARGE_TYPE     type of input charges. To extract charges from a text
                        file, use the 'list' option. Other available options
                        are: 'mulliken', 'nbo', 'aim', 'mk', 'chelp', 'chelpg'
                        and 'hly'.
  INPUT_CHARGE_FILE     input file to extract charges from. This can be a
                        Gaussian .log, AIMAll .sumviz or a text file. The
                        appropriate format for the text file is used
                        throughout this suite of scripts and is very simple:
                        1. Values should be space-separated 2. Atom order
                        should follow that in the template cube file 3. Line
                        breaks are not significant

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --respin_location DIRECTORY
                        The directory with the location of the *two* respin
                        files. Their names are expected to end with '.respin1'
                        and '.respin2'. They can be generated using the
                        'respgen' program (see 'instructions.md'). (default:
                        .)
  --esp_file ESP_FILE   The name of the 'esp' file with ESP fitting points.
                        This file must be in the same directory as the
                        'respin' files. The file can be generated by running a
                        Gaussian Pop calculation (for a selected ESP-based
                        method) with IOp(6/50)=1. (default: None)
  --thresh THRESH       Inform about charges which change upon averaging by
                        more than THRESH (default: 0.05)
  --save_resp_to SAVE_RESP_TO
                        save the files of the RESP calculation to the given
                        directory (default: None)
  --dump_raw DUMP_RAW   dump extracted raw charges and exit (default: None)
  -o OUTPUT, --output OUTPUT
                        output file name (default: averaged_charges.txt)

```

# `cavity`

```
usage: cavity [-h] [-o OUTPUT] INPUT_CUBE

Create a Gaussian cube file (.cub) with an (approximate) atom distance
transform. Visualizing isosurfaces or contours can help creating SMD cavity
diagrams.

positional arguments:
  INPUT_CUBE            input cube (content doesn't matter, only the grid and
                        atomic coordinates are extracted)

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -o OUTPUT, --output OUTPUT
                        output file name (default: cavity.cub)

```

# `dipole`

```
usage: dipole [-h] [--respin_location DIRECTORY]
              INPUT_CHARGE_TYPE INPUT_CHARGE_FILE ESP_FILE

Calculate dipole moment in Debye.

positional arguments:
  INPUT_CHARGE_TYPE     type of input charges. To extract charges from a text
                        file, use the 'list' option. Other available options
                        are: 'mulliken', 'nbo', 'aim', 'mk', 'chelp', 'chelpg'
                        and 'hly'.
  INPUT_CHARGE_FILE     input file to extract charges from. This can be a
                        Gaussian .log, AIMAll .sumviz or a text file. The
                        appropriate format for the text file is used
                        throughout this suite of scripts and is very simple:
                        1. Values should be space-separated 2. Atom order
                        should follow that in the template cube file 3. Line
                        breaks are not significant
  ESP_FILE              The name of the 'esp' file with ESP fitting points.
                        This file must be in the same directory as the
                        'respin' files. The file can be generated by running a
                        Gaussian Pop calculation (for a selected ESP-based
                        method) with IOp(6/50)=1.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --respin_location DIRECTORY
                        The directory with the location of the *two* respin
                        files. Their names are expected to end with '.respin1'
                        and '.respin2'. They can be generated using the
                        'respgen' program (see 'instructions.md'). (default:
                        .)

```

# `eval_fit`

```
usage: eval_fit [-h] INPUT_CHARGE_TYPE INPUT_CHARGE_FILE ESP_FILE_NAME

Evaluate the fit quality of the given charges on the provided mesh of fitting
points.

positional arguments:
  INPUT_CHARGE_TYPE  type of input charges. To extract charges from a text
                     file, use the 'list' option. Other available options are:
                     'mulliken', 'nbo', 'aim', 'mk', 'chelp', 'chelpg' and
                     'hly'.
  INPUT_CHARGE_FILE  input file to extract charges from. This can be a
                     Gaussian .log, AIMAll .sumviz or a text file. The
                     appropriate format for the text file is used throughout
                     this suite of scripts and is very simple: 1. Values
                     should be space-separated 2. Atom order should follow
                     that in the template cube file 3. Line breaks are not
                     significant
  ESP_FILE_NAME      The name of the 'esp' file with ESP fitting points. This
                     file must be in the same directory as the 'respin' files.
                     The file can be generated by running a Gaussian Pop
                     calculation (for a selected ESP-based method) with
                     IOp(6/50)=1.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help         show this help message and exit

```

# `field_diff`

```
usage: field_diff [-h] [--relative] [--absolute]
                  [--exclude ED_CUBE ED_ISOVALUE EXCLUSION_DISTANCE]
                  [--exclusion_as_zero] [-o OUTPUT]
                  FIELD1 FIELD2

Calculate the difference between two fields FIELD1 - FIELD2. The fields can be
given either as Gaussian cube files (.cub) or ESP fitting points (.esp).

positional arguments:
  FIELD1
  FIELD2

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --relative            At each point divide the difference by the value of
                        the first field at this point.
  --absolute            Return the absolute value of the difference
  --exclude ED_CUBE ED_ISOVALUE EXCLUSION_DISTANCE
                        Exclude points lying closer from the electron density
                        (ED) isosurface of the given isovalue closer than the
                        given distance. This only works with cube files.
  --exclusion_as_zero   When excluding points, excluded points are by default
                        replaced with 'NAN'. If this flag is set, zeros are
                        written instead. This has a cosmetic effect on the
                        appearance of excluded edges of isosurface plots. If
                        this flag is set, the excluded areas are filled,
                        making the plots appear continuous.
  -o OUTPUT, --output OUTPUT
                        output file path and name without extension

```

# `fit_dependence`

```
usage: fit_dependence [-h] [--respin_location DIRECTORY]
                      [--monitor [LABELS [LABELS ...]]] [-o FILENAME]
                      [--equivalent1 [LABELS [LABELS ...]]]
                      [--limits1 LOWER UPPER] [--sampling1 POINTS]
                      [--atom2 LABEL] [--equivalent2 [LABELS [LABELS ...]]]
                      [--limits2 LOWER UPPER] [--sampling2 POINTS]
                      FILENAME LABEL

Investigate the dependence of the ESP fit on the charge on one or two atoms

positional arguments:
  FILENAME              The name of the 'esp' file with ESP fitting points.
                        This file must be in the same directory as the
                        'respin' files. The file can be generated by running a
                        Gaussian Pop calculation (for a selected ESP-based
                        method) with IOp(6/50)=1.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --respin_location DIRECTORY
                        The directory with the location of the *two* respin
                        files. Their names are expected to end with '.respin1'
                        and '.respin2'. They can be generated using the
                        'respgen' program (see 'instructions.md'). (default:
                        .)
  --monitor [LABELS [LABELS ...]]
                        labels of atoms which charges are to be monitored
                        while the charge on atom1 (and optionally atom2) are
                        varied (default: [])
  -o FILENAME, --output FILENAME
                        file to write the output in the csv format (default:
                        None)

options regarding the first varied atom:
  Charge on this atom will be varied

  LABEL                 label of the first atom which charge is to be varied
  --equivalent1 [LABELS [LABELS ...]]
                        If in the molecule there are atoms equivalent to the
                        atom1, specify their labels. This ensures that the
                        atoms cannot vary independently. (default: [])
  --limits1 LOWER UPPER
                        range of atom1 charge values to be sampled (default:
                        (-1, 1))
  --sampling1 POINTS    number of data points to be sampled for atom1 charges
                        (default: 11)

options regarding the second varied atom:
  Optionally the charge on another atom can be simultaneously varied.

  --atom2 LABEL         label of the second atom which charge is to be varied
                        (default: None)
  --equivalent2 [LABELS [LABELS ...]]
                        If in the molecule there are atoms equivalent to the
                        atom1, specify their labels. This ensures that the
                        atoms cannot vary independently. (default: [])
  --limits2 LOWER UPPER
                        range of atom2 charge values to be sampled (default:
                        (-1, 1))
  --sampling2 POINTS    number of data points to be sampled for atom2 charges
                        (default: 11)

```

# `fit_points`

```
usage: fit_points [-h] [--limits LOWER UPPER]
                  [--color_range LOWER UPPER | --sym_color_range] [-o OUTPUT]
                  [--slice_dist DIST]
                  [--slice_atoms ATOM1_LABEL ATOM2_LABEL ATOM3_LABEL | --slice_eqn A B C D]
                  POINTS_FILE DIMENSION

Plot fitting or cube points in 2 or 3D colored by field values In order to
avoid having a cluttered plot the user is recommended to specify a 'slice' of
the points to be plotted. Only points within a given distance from the slicing
plane will be shown. To enable this option see section 'optional arguments
related to slicing' section below.

positional arguments:
  POINTS_FILE           the file containing the points around a molecule as a
                        cube file or fitting points in one of the two .esp
                        formats: 1. generated by running a Gaussian Pop
                        calculation (for a selected ESP-based method) with
                        IOp(6/50)=1. 2. in the Antechamber format generated by
                        `repESP` with either the `rep_esp.py` or
                        `field_diff.py` script. LIMITATION: This format loses
                        information about the atomic labels, which will be
                        plotted as 'XX'. As a workaround to decipher what
                        atoms the labels correspond to, re-run this script
                        with identical options but on a Gaussian-generated
                        .esp file.
  DIMENSION             The number of dimensions for the plot. Note that 2D
                        plots require specifying a slicing plane with the '--
                        slice_dist' option.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --limits LOWER UPPER  limits on plot axes in angstroms. The same limits will
                        be applied to all axes, non-square/cubic plots are
                        currently not supported. (default: (-5, 5))
  --color_range LOWER UPPER
                        Specify the lower and upper limits for the color range
                        for field values at fitting points. If this option is
                        not specified, the limits will be calculated
                        automatically based on all data points, not only the
                        plotted slice of points. (default: None)
  --sym_color_range     Use a symmetric automatic color range for the colors
                        of field values at fitting points. (default: False)
  -o OUTPUT, --output OUTPUT
                        output file name. The extension will determine output
                        format (.pdf recommended). If you don't want the plot
                        to be saved but only displayed in an interactive
                        window, leave this option unset (recommended for 3D
                        graphs). (default: None)

optional arguments related to slicing:
  Switch slicing on by passing a value to '--slice_dist' and specifying the
  slicing plain with either '--slice_atoms' or '--slice_eqn'. Atoms lying on
  the slicing plane will be shown in a red box, atoms within 0.5 A from the
  plane in a dashed red box and atoms outside that distance will be shown in
  grey.

  --slice_dist DIST     The distance in angstrom from the slicing plane within
                        which points are to be plotted. If all points are to
                        be plotted, specify a very high number e.g. 1000
                        (default: None)
  --slice_atoms ATOM1_LABEL ATOM2_LABEL ATOM3_LABEL
                        The atoms through which the slicing plane should pass
                        (default: None)
  --slice_eqn A B C D   The equation for the slicing plane specified with a
                        list of parameters of the following plane equation: Ax
                        + By + Cz + D = 0 (default: None)

```

# `flexibility`

```
usage: flexibility [-h] [--respin_location DIRECTORY]
                   [--equivalent [LABELS [LABELS ...]]]
                   [--levels [LEVELS [LEVELS ...]]] [--guess VALUE]
                   FILENAME LABEL

Calculate the flexibilty limits of an atom evaluated on the given mesh. Don't
forget to specify the --equivalent option if there are other atoms equivalent
to the investigated one. This script assumes that the ESP fit error as a
function of the charge on the selected atom has a single minimum and the error
increases monotonically in both directions away from the minimum. As
flexibility is a new concept, this may not be the case in all molecules. To
study the dependence of the ESP fit on the charge of an atom, please use the
`fit_dependence` script.

positional arguments:
  FILENAME              The name of the 'esp' file with ESP fitting points.
                        This file must be in the same directory as the
                        'respin' files. The file can be generated by running a
                        Gaussian Pop calculation (for a selected ESP-based
                        method) with IOp(6/50)=1.
  LABEL                 Label of the atom which flexibility limits are to be
                        evaluated.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --respin_location DIRECTORY
                        The directory with the location of the *two* respin
                        files. Their names are expected to end with '.respin1'
                        and '.respin2'. They can be generated using the
                        'respgen' program (see 'instructions.md'). (default:
                        .)
  --equivalent [LABELS [LABELS ...]]
                        If in the molecule there are atoms equivalent to the
                        investigated one, specify their labels. This ensures
                        that the atoms cannot vary independently. (default:
                        [])
  --levels [LEVELS [LEVELS ...]]
                        Flexibility levels to be calculated (default: [10])
  --guess VALUE         Guess for the value of the flexibility corresponding
                        to the highest flexibility level. If the specified
                        guess is too small, the optimization may fail, so this
                        number should be the upper limit for the expected
                        flexibility. (default: 1)

```

# `plot_fit_dependence1`

```
usage: plot_fit_dependence1 [-h] [-o FILENAME] [--plot_fit STATISTIC]
                            [--monitored_atoms [LABELS [LABELS ...]]]
                            [--title TITLE]
                            [--varied_atom_display DISPLAY_LABEL]
                            [--monitored_atoms_display [DISPLAY_LABELS [DISPLAY_LABELS ...]]]
                            [--plot_fit_limits LOWER UPPER]
                            [--monitored_atoms_limits LOWER UPPER]
                            [--mark_fit CHARGE VALUE]
                            [--shade_region LOWER UPPER]
                            FILENAME

Plot the dependence of the ESP fit and/or values on monitored charges as a
function of charges on one atom, based on the output of the `fit_dependence`
script.

positional arguments:
  FILENAME              output of the fit_dependence script (csv).

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -o FILENAME, --output FILENAME
                        file to save the plot to (without extension, plot will
                        be saved as pdf). If not given, an interactive plot is
                        shown.
  --plot_fit STATISTIC  plot the selected fit statistic (y-axis). Allowed
                        values are (rms, rrms or none).
  --monitored_atoms [LABELS [LABELS ...]]
                        labels of atoms which charges were monitored and are
                        to be plotted (y-axis)

options regarding the appearance of the graph:
  These options were added to enable creating plots consistent with the
  original publication.

  --title TITLE         graph title
  --varied_atom_display DISPLAY_LABEL
                        display label of the varied atom to be used in the
                        x-axis label. If not given, the numeric label will be
                        used.
  --monitored_atoms_display [DISPLAY_LABELS [DISPLAY_LABELS ...]]
                        display labels for atoms given in `--monitored_atoms`
                        to be used in the legend. If not given, the numeric
                        labels will be used
  --plot_fit_limits LOWER UPPER
                        override for graph limits for the fit statistic
                        y-axis. If not specified the limits are from 0 to
                        maximum value of the fit statistic
  --monitored_atoms_limits LOWER UPPER
                        override for graph limits for the monitored charges
                        y-axis. If not specified the values are from minimum
                        to maximum value of charges on the monitored atoms
  --mark_fit CHARGE VALUE
                        the charge and corresponding value of the selected fit
                        statistic (see `--plot_fit` option) for a point to be
                        marked on the fit dependence graph (intended to be the
                        fit minimum)
  --shade_region LOWER UPPER
                        region of charge values to be shaded (intended for
                        flexibility range)

```

# `plot_fit_dependence2`

```
usage: plot_fit_dependence2 [-h] [-o FILENAME] [--plot_fit STATISTIC]
                            [--monitored_atom LABEL] [--title TITLE]
                            [--varied_atoms_display DISPLAY_LABEL1 DISPLAY_LABEL2]
                            [--plot_relative VALUE]
                            [--contours [VALUES [VALUES ...]]] [--swap_axes]
                            [--draw_ratio_line COORD1 COORD2]
                            [--mark_point 'COORD1 COORD2 JSON_MARKER_SPEC']
                            FILENAME

Plot the dependence of the ESP fit and/or values on monitored charges as a
function of charges on two atoms, based on the output of the `fit_dependence`
script.

positional arguments:
  FILENAME              output of the fit_dependence script (csv).

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -o FILENAME, --output FILENAME
                        file to save the plot to (without extension, plot will
                        be saved as pdf). If not given, an interactive plot is
                        shown.
  --plot_fit STATISTIC  plot the selected fit statistic (z-axis). Allowed
                        values are (rms, rrms or none).
  --monitored_atom LABEL
                        label of atom which charge was monitored and is to be
                        plotted (z-axis)
  --plot_relative VALUE
                        value of the z-axis variable relative to which other
                        values are to be scaled. As a result, the plotted
                        z-axis values will be plotted as percentage deviations
                        from the given value. If the ESP fit is plotted, a
                        sensible value for this argument is the fit minimum.
  --contours [VALUES [VALUES ...]]
                        Specify this option if you want a 2D contour plot
                        instead of a 3D plot. The values given to this option
                        will be used as the contour values.

options regarding the appearance of the graph:
  These options were added to enable creating plots consistent with the
  original publication.

  --title TITLE         graph title
  --varied_atoms_display DISPLAY_LABEL1 DISPLAY_LABEL2
                        display labels of the varied atoms to be used in the
                        x-axis x- and y-axis labels. If not given, the numeric
                        labels will be used.
  --swap_axes           Swap x and y axes. By default the first column in the
                        input file is the x-axis and the second column is the
                        y-axis.
  --draw_ratio_line COORD1 COORD2
                        Draw the line of constant charge ratio. Required are
                        coordinates of one point on the line. Another point
                        defining the line will be (0, 0)
  --mark_point 'COORD1 COORD2 JSON_MARKER_SPEC'
                        If there are any extra points to be marked on the
                        graph, their coordinates and optionally JSON
                        specifications of the plot marker should be given here.
                        Note that this argument group must be wrapped in single
                        quotes (then double quotes can be freely used in the
                        JSON specification without escaping). Multiple points
                        can be marked by specifying this option multiple times.
                        
                        Coordinates should be given in the same order as the
                        columns in the input file, i.e. first the charge on the
                        atom in the first column. A simple example of a valid
                        argument is: '0.5 -0.7'.
                        
                        The marker specification is optional and should be a
                        JSON-encoded list of keyword arguments passed to the
                        `matplotlib.pyplot.scatter` function. If the JSON
                        specification is not given, the following default will
                        be used:
                        
                        '{"marker": x", s": 50, "lw": 0.8}'
                        
                        where the "marker" key specifies the pictorial type of
                        the marker, "s" specifies the size and "lw" the
                        linewidth. For a full list of possible keyword
                        arguments please refer to matplotlib documentation at:
                        https://matplotlib.org/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.scatter.html

```

# `rep_esp`

```
usage: rep_esp [-h] [-o OUTPUT]
               INPUT_CHARGE_TYPE INPUT_CHARGE_FILE TEMPLATE_FILE

Reproduce ESP from given charges and save as a cube or .esp file. If you do
not want to process the charge in any way, raw charges can be extracted from
Gaussian .log or AIMAll .sumviz files. However, it is probably sensible to
average or equivalence the charges first, using the 'average.py' script from
this suite. The charges can then be read in from the output text file.

positional arguments:
  INPUT_CHARGE_TYPE     type of input charges. To extract charges from a text
                        file, use the 'list' option. Other available options
                        are: 'mulliken', 'nbo', 'aim', 'mk', 'chelp', 'chelpg'
                        and 'hly'.
  INPUT_CHARGE_FILE     input file to extract charges from. This can be a
                        Gaussian .log, AIMAll .sumviz or a text file. The
                        appropriate format for the text file is used
                        throughout this suite of scripts and is very simple:
                        1. Values should be space-separated 2. Atom order
                        should follow that in the template cube file 3. Line
                        breaks are not significant
  TEMPLATE_FILE         this file specifies the points at which the ESP is to
                        be reproduced. It can be either a Gaussian cube file
                        (.cub) or a file with ESP fitting points (.esp). In
                        the case of the cube file the content doesn't matter,
                        only the grid and atomic coordinates are used. An .esp
                        file can be generated by running a Gaussian Pop
                        calculation (for a selected ESP-based method) with
                        IOp(6/50)=1.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -o OUTPUT, --output OUTPUT
                        output file path and name without extension (default:
                        rep_esp)

```

# `run_two-stage_resp`

```
usage: run_two-stage_resp [-h] [--respin_location DIRECTORY]
                          [--save_resp_to SAVE_RESP_TO] [-o OUTPUT]
                          ESP_FILE_NAME

Run 2-stage RESP. Running this wrapper is arguably easier than running the
`resp` program manually.

positional arguments:
  ESP_FILE_NAME         The name of the 'esp' file with ESP fitting points.
                        This file must be in the same directory as the
                        'respin' files. The file can be generated by running a
                        Gaussian Pop calculation (for a selected ESP-based
                        method) with IOp(6/50)=1.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --respin_location DIRECTORY
                        The directory with the location of the *two* respin
                        files. Their names are expected to end with '.respin1'
                        and '.respin2'. They can be generated using the
                        'respgen' program (see 'instructions.md'). (default:
                        .)
  --save_resp_to SAVE_RESP_TO
                        save the files of the RESP calculation to the given
                        directory. Note that RESP calculations are not
                        performed if all charges are to be scaled. (default:
                        None)
  -o OUTPUT, --output OUTPUT
                        output file name (default: resp_charges.txt)

```

